1. For each problem, state its goal in your own words and describe your approach to solve the 
problem along with any issues you encountered and if/how you managed to solve those issues.

[Problem 1 (Multiline Comment)]

Goal: Add support for multiline comments into j-- in the format /*<comment body>*/

Approach: Within Scanner.java, I modified the code concerning scanning of the / character.
When a * is found directly after a /, then we have entered a multiline comment. I set a boolean
called inComment to true to track if we are inside a multiline comment. I also set an integer to
the current line number for error reporting. We then enter a while loop where we ignore all
characters until we see a * followed by a / to exit comment. We then set inComment to false and break
to exit the loop. This allows the scanner to pass over all characters within the multiline comment.
Once outside the loop, we check to see if inComment is true. If it's true, then report an error as 
we never exited the multiline comment before the EOF character. Here is where the start line number is reported.

[Problem 2 (Reserved Words)]

Goal: Add support for various reserved words within our scanner for j--

Approach: Firstly, I created TokenKinds for these reserved words within TokenInfo. Then I added these
tokens into our table of reserved words within Scanner.java. This allows the scanner to properly read
these reserved words: break, case, continue, default, double, long, switch.

[Problem 3 (Operators)]

Goal: Add support for various operators within our scanner for j--

Approach: Firstly, I created TokenKinds for these operators within TokenInfo. I then needed to add scanning
support in a couple different places within Scanner.java to get support working. For example, to get the
-= operator working, I changed code within the logic for when the - character is scanned. Once a - is scanned,
I check to see if the next character is a =, if it is, I return a -= token info object. Otherwise, I just return
token info for the - operator. I followed a similar approach for the following operators: *= /= %= != >=. For the
< operator, I simply added a new case to return the token info when it is scanned. Lastly, for the || operator,
when one | character is scanned, I check if the next character is also a |. If it is, I return the correct token info.
If it isn't present, I return an error saying bitwise or is currently not supported in j--.

[Problem 4 (Literals)]

Goal: Add support for scanning double and long literals in our scanner for j--

Approach: This was definitely the most difficulty problem in the assignment. Most of the code modified for this problem
was within the final cases in the large switch statement in Scanner.java. In the cases that handle scanning integer digits
I inserted the logic for scanning double and long literals. I also made 4 helper functions. Digits, which scans digits and 
returns them as a string. Exponent, which returns an exponent as a string. And two short functions, isE and isD which returns
true if the next character is e or E and if the character is d or D respectively. I made isE and isD because frequently within
this problem I had to check if the current character was e or E, and d or D.

The logic for this section can be broken down in the following way:
- Firstly make a string builder object
if literal starts with digit:
    - add all digits to string builder
    if literal ends in a l or L (for Long)
        - return info for long literals
    else if the literal does not end with . e E d or D,
        - return info for an integer literal
    else if the literal ends in a . then it is a double 
        - add any digits, exponent, or double character present after . character
        - return info for double literal 
    else 
        - if we are here, then our literal is a string of digits followed by an exponent or double character (d or D)
        if we have exponent
            - add exponent to string buffer, followed by double character if present.
        else if we have double character
            - add it to string buffer
        else
            - if we are here, there is something seriously wrong with this literal.
            - The literal somehow did not get detected as an integer literal, but is expected to be a double literal
            - report error
        - return token info for double literal
else 
    - if we are here, our literal started with a . character 
    if the next character is a digit
        - add digits for string buffer
        - add any exponent or double character if present
        - Return token info for double literal
    else
        - If no digit was present, simply return token info for a DOT character.

2. Did you receive any help? List the sources along with a short description of the help received.

Source                               Help Received
------                               -------------


3. List any other comments here. Feel free to provide any feedback on how much you learned from
doing the assignment, and whether you enjoyed doing it.

The 4th problem was definitely the most difficult problem, but it was a good challenge!
